
					Week of Apr 22, 2024
				
	Mon 22 
 Apr 18, 1p.m. Apr 26, 11:30a.m.
Distinguished Speaker Series
 9a.m.5p.m.
UVA Department of Art Thesis Exhibitions
Ruffin GalleryM-F 9am-5pm Closing receptions each Friday 5-7pmPlease join the Department of Art and the rest of our community in congratulating our graduating students and 5th Year Aunspaugh Fellows on the work they have done and the exhibitions we now get to enjoy on all three floors of Ruffin Hall and in Ruffin Gallery.Thesis shows in Studio Art are the culmination of four academic years of
 1011a.m.
SURPRISED BY STORIES: HOW MOVIES KEEP US HUMAN WITH FILMMAKER NICHOLAS MA
(Rotunda (Dome Room))Join award-winning filmmaker and musician Nicholas Ma to discover how films help us imagine and explore new ways to connect with and understand each other. As part of his conversation with UVAs Chief Creative Officer, Matt Weber, Ma will share clips of his work including an exclusive preview of the forthcoming release Leap Of Faith exploring how pastors from a diverse range of Christian faith
 11a.m.3p.m.
Historic Garden Week at UVA
(Various Locations)Organized by the Garden Club of Virginia, Historic Garden Week takes place every year in April. Selected historic gardens and buildings around Grounds are open to the public, with tours and presentations. See www.vagardenweek.org for more information
 11a.m.12p.m.
CULTIVATING CURIOSITY: THE POWER OF STORYTELLING TO MEDIATE MESSY CONVERSATIONS
(Rotunda (Dome Room))Navigating differences, conflict, and misunderstanding is challenging. It is also essential to healthy relational, political, and community life. Join us to learn from five seasoned leaders who explore how stories strengthen their ability to advance understanding and connect with others in even the most tender and turbulent circumstances.A panel discussion moderated by Anne Snyder, editor-in-chief
 12:301:30p.m.
Batten Hour with Elizabeth Andrews: The State of Climate Policy in Virginia
(Garrett Hall)Join us for a special Earth Day Batten Hour with Elizabeth Andrews, an accomplished environmental attorney who has worked with the state government, nonprofits and universities. She was appointed last fall by UVA's Environmental Institute as theinaugural Environmental Sustainability and Resilience Practitioner Fellow.Andrews will join Dean Ian Solomon for a conversation on climate change policy
 2:303:30p.m.
PDF Accessibility: Creating Inclusive and Accessible Documents
(Zoom)The PDF Accessibility course is designed to provide participants with the knowledge and skills to create accessible PDF documents that can be accessed and understood by individuals with disabilities. In this course, participants will learn the techniques, best practices, and tools necessary to ensure that PDF documents are accessible and compliant with accessibility standards.Objectives:
 7:309p.m.
Wind Ensemble Spring 2024 Concert
(Hunter Smith Band Building)The University of Virginia Wind Ensemble will hold their Spring 2024 concert,Across Horizons,on Monday, April 22, at the Hunter Smith Band Building, starting at 7:30pm. The event is free and open to the public.Repertoire includesCelebrationby Adolphus Hailstork,Desert Sageby Michael Markowski,O Cool is the Valleyby Vincent Persichetti,Tiranaby Carol Barnett,Beneathfrom Immersion by
	Tue 23 
Siteimprove User Training
(Zoom)Are you new to SiteImprove?  Do you need a refresher on how to use the features of SiteImprove?  If so then this is the course for you!  In this course we will talk about:What SiteImprove isHow to identify issues using SiteImproveHow to correct the issues using SiteImproveHow often you should use SiteImproveThis course will go over all of the things you will need in order to use SiteImprove like a
 67p.m.
M.S. in the Management of IT Student Panel
Join us for an engaging discussion with current students from the Class of 2024 in the M.S. in the Management of IT (M.S. in MIT) Program. During this session, our students will provide insights into their diverse backgrounds and share their valuable experiences. They will also be available to answer any questions asked by attendees.Class of 2024:Jack BowdenSam ParkRobin SubediMadison Wagner
 78p.m.
M.S. in Commerce Information Session
Join us for this information session to learn about the UVA McIntire M.S. in Commerce (MSC) program with tracks in Biotechnology, Business Analytics, Finance, and Marketing & Management. This session will include a comprehensive overview of the academic program, student experience, and career development support as well as an overview of the admissions process and next steps.
	Wed 24 
 9:30a.m.4p.m.
Explore Edgar Shannon and Small Special Collections Libraries (in-person)
(UVA Libraries)Join Lifetime Learning for a full day of exploring two UVA libraries: the main library, the newly renamedEdgar Shannon Library, and the Albert and Shirley Small Special Collections Library.In the morning, participants will tour the renovated Shannon Library. Library staff and volunteers will lead us through the light-filled halls, rooms, and stacks and visit unique spaces like the McGregor Room,
 121:15p.m.
Immigration and Elections: Global Implications for 2024
(Garrett Hall)REGISTER HERE >Recently, immigration has ranked number oneeven surpassing the economyas the topic that most concerns voters when they consider whom to support in the U.S. presidential election. Migration trends over the past few years, along with shifting U.S. policy, have contributed to this political crucible. Other countries, particularly in Europe, have confronted similar fraught moments in
 121p.m.
Medical Center Hour - Saying What We Mean: How Medical Language Reveals and Conceals
(See Event Description)In Person at Leonard Sandridge Auditorium (McKim Hall) Zoom Webinar: us02web.zoom.usUVA Alpha Omega Alpha (AOA) Honor Medical SocietySpeaker: Anna DeForest, MD, MFANeurologist & Supportive Care Physician, Memorial Sloan KetteringCancer Center, New York CityProblems in language create a gulf between medical providers and patients, affecting relationship-building, medical understanding, therapeutic
The 28th Annual NATIONAL PHYSICS DAY SHOW
The University of VirginiaDepartment of Physics presents:A FAMILY ORIENTED EVENTThe 28th Annual Physics Day Demonstration Show will be held at 6:00 pm on Wednesday evening, April 24, 2024, in room 101 of Nau Hall, 1540 Jefferson Park Ave, at the University of Virginia to celebrate National Physics Day. Doors open at 5:30 pm with some hands on demonstrationsto play with. Admission is free.This
	Thu 25 
 11a.m.2p.m.
North Grounds E-Bike Demo Day
(The Park)Come test ride a selection of e-bikes to celebrate Earth Month and in preparation for Cville Bike Month in May! If you are curious about switching to this healthy and sustainable mode of transportation, this a great opportunity to test e-bikes before making a commitment.
 12:302p.m.
Emotion Regulation Workshop
(CAPS at Student Health (Rm. 212))Often anxiety and stressful emotions are due to feeling something challenging and not knowing how to deal with it in the moment. CAPS Emotion Regulation Workshops will teach skills and insights to cope effectively with stressful emotions.The skills taught in this workshop are based on Dialectical Behavior Therapy (DBT) which focuses on empowering an individual to improve ones emotional and
 13p.m.
Tea Time Recitals - Spring 2024
(Old Cabell Hall)The UVA Department of Music invites the Charlottesville and University communities to the Teatime Student Recitals Thursday, April 25th and Friday, April 26th, 2024in Old Cabell Hall.Both recitals begin at 1:00pm.Talented UVA students present a varied menu of musical delights. Come, bring your friends and enjoy the fruits of a semester's worth of musical training and practice. These events are
 16p.m.
Global Futures: A Global Studies Symposium
(Newcomb Hall (Student Center))For the third consecutive year, the Global Studies program is hosting a research symposium for Global Studies students to showcase their work. All UVA students, faculty and staff are welcome to come by the event at any time between 1 and 6 pm to view student presentations, hear from alumni, speak with current faculty and more.
Beyond the Hype: GoFundMe Makes the Case for Practical AI Solutions
(Zoom)UVA Darden Professor of Practice, Tim Laseter, and Arnie Katz, Chief Technology Officer at GoFundMe, discuss how GoFundMe has leveraged AI to enhance their business beyond streamlining operations, and how leaders can determine the real potential for AI within their own organizations.
 56:30p.m.
4/25 Free Meal Prep Class!
Come join UVA Sustainability at Student Health & Wellness's Teaching Kitchen, where we'll be teaching sustainable food preparation practices by making a customizable stir fry with seasonal vegetables.This class is completely FREE and attendees will receive reusable containers and tote bags to take home with them! Registration is limited, so make sure to sign up as soon as possible using the
Enlighten Prospective Student Information Session
(Zoom)Join us for an information session to learn more about Enlighten, a new and flexible, 100% online program, which supports healthcare employees by paving a pathway toward a degree. You have the opportunity to earn 36 undergraduate credits while developing important professional skills to enhance job performance. It is ideal for members of access, reception, billing, and contract center teams, to na
 6:307:30p.m.
Bachelor's Completion Prospective Student Information Session
(Zoom)We are hosting an online information session for working adults and other nontraditional students with some college credits under their belts. Join us to learn if one of our 100% online degree completion programs is a good fit for you. Feel free to bring your questions, or just participate as a listener. Our student success team members will lead this interactive webinar, providing an overview of
 79p.m.
Thursday Night Thrills Presents Metropolis (1927)
(Clark Hall)A screening of the classic silent Sci-Fi film, Metropolis (1927). It depicts the rising of the underground workers in an attempt to take back control of their city. This screening will be of the rarely seen 90 min abridged version originally circulated internationally.UVA Film Lecturer, Matt Marshall will be performing a live piano and organ accompaniment based on the original music by Gottfried
 78:30p.m.
M.S. in Business Analytics Virtual Class Visit
(Zoom)Join us for a virtual class visit to learn about the UVA M.S. in Business Analytics (MSBA) Program. This session will provide the opportunity to attend and observe a live class led by program faculty. Following the virtual class visit, you'll have an opportunity to join an open Q&A session with a member of our Graduate Marketing & Admissions team.Registrants will receive follow-up information to
 810p.m.
Virginia Gentlemen Spring Classic Concert
(Old Cabell Hall)Spend the evening with the Virginia Gentlemen. On April 25th at 8:00 p.m. in Old Cabell Hall, the VGs take the stage for their annual Spring Classic Concert to offer a memorable night of a cappella. Expect a handful of new songs, a few crowd favorites, and of course, blazers and bow ties.thevirginiagentlemen.org
	Fri 26 
 Apr 2628 
People Power Academy Conference: Defending Democracy, Lessons from Frontline Activism
(TBD)Focusing on the most important democracy and human rights issues, the 2024 People Power Academy (PPA) will assemble activists and experts from over 30 different countries engaged in everyday struggle to achieve or maintain democracy. This three-day event promises to be a dynamic platform for individuals and activists seeking to challenge autocracy, counter propaganda, and address critical issues l
 8:45a.m.4p.m.
18th L. Starling Reid Undergraduate Psychology Research Conference
(1515)The Psychology Departments 18th L. Starling Reid Undergraduate Psychology Research Conference will be held on Friday, April 26th at Ern Commons from 8:45am-4:00pm. This conference highlights empirical research conducted by undergraduate scholars.This year, we will be welcoming students across 14 different institutions throughout the nation. 10 students have been selected to present their research
 1011:30a.m.
Vocal Workshop with U.S. Army Chorus Vocalists
Join us in the Hunter Smith Band Building for a free vocal workshop with U.S. Army Musicians on Friday, April 26th, from 10:00 am to 11:30 am!Master Sergeant Matthew Nall and Sergeant First Class Adiza Jibril will hold a vocal workshop in the Hunter Smith Band Building on Friday, April 26 from 10-11:30 AM, with UVA Acappella groups singing for the guest speakers. All are invited to attend this
 10a.m.4p.m.
Morven Student Days
UVA students are invited to explore, experience, and enjoy Morvens unique landscape!From 10am-4pm, we invite you to use our indoor and outdoor spaces to study and relax, enjoy Arepas food truck, therapy dogs, and more!These spaces include our Formal Garden, Main House, beautiful historic buildings, and more!Special Earth Week hike with faculty director, Elizabeth K. Meyer!  Free transportation
Connaughton Speaker Series: A Founders Conversation
 1:303p.m.
Enlighten Prospective Student Ice Cream Social and Information Session
(See Event Description)Get the scoop on Enlighten by joining us for an ice cream social to celebrate the launch of this 100% online program that supports healthcare employees by paving a pathway toward a degree. This event serves as an information session for prospective Enlighten students and will be held in the Emily Couric Clinical Cancer Centers G253 Conference Room (1240 Lee Street, Charlottesville, Virginia 22903
 23p.m.
Business and AI Institute - A Conversation with Professor Rick Campanelli on AI Ethics
(1515)Come join us this upcoming Friday in the 1515 upstairs studio for a discussion with Professor Rick Campanelli on AI ethics hosted by UVA's Business and AI Institute. Before his work at the Batten School, Campanelli served in senior policy and management positions at the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services and Department of Justice. He is a distinguished speaker at national conferences on pr
 35p.m.
Citizen Leaders Fellowship Final Presentation
 3:154:30p.m.
Rethinking the "Patrimonial-Patriarchal-Bureaucratic" Framework in Ming
(Gibson Hall)Gibson 211.Free & open to the public; snacks provided.Ying Zhang's book on jailing officials in Ming China studies the history of imprisonment as family history and argues that the patriarchy played a critical role in sustaining the patrimonial bureaucracy. This presentation will specifically focus on how jailed officials managed their households remotely as patriarchs. How did the families and
 3:304:30p.m.
Probing the Structures of Pyramids using Cosmic Ray Muon Tomography
(Clark Hall)The pyramids of ancient Egypt and of pre-Hispanic Mesoamerica have fascinated people since the cultures that built them vanished into the annals of history.  How were they built?  What were they used for?  Are there unknown internal substructures, perhaps hidden chambers that have yet to be discovered?  Using the detector technology wedeveloped for a particle physics experiment at Fermilab, we
 57p.m.
Final Friday at The Fralin
(The Fralin Museum of Art (Bayly Building))April 26, 5:00-7:00, its the last Final Friday of the year at The Fralin, so come on out!Well have live music performed by University Records/student group Almost Nothing! Art Scavenger Hunt in the museum!Student Docent Spotlight Talks!The Little Museum of Art reopens with a new exhibition of student work!And Sombreros food truck will be on site! FREE food truck vouchers to the first 150
 67:30p.m.
UVA Concert Band Spring 2024 Concert - Inspired by Sousa
The Concert Bands spring 2024 concert will take place at the Observatory Hill Field on Friday, April 26th at6pm. The event is free and open to the public.Bring a blanket and a snack to the Observatory Hill Field on Friday, April 26, at 6:00PM as the Concert Band performs its spring concert. They will be joined by Master Sergeant Matthew Nall and Sergeant First Class Adiza Jibril from the U.S.
 710p.m.
SW2 Festival of the Moving Creature
(Drama Building (109 Culbreth Rd., Charlottesville, VA 22903))Embark on a magical journey at the SW2 Festival of the Moving Creature on the evening of Friday, April 26th! Join the menagerie of mythical entourages of two giant creatures roaming and bringing joy to UVA Grounds. Designed, built, and puppeteered by UVAs Art of the Moving Creature class, the creatures will come to life to parade through central Grounds and end with a dance party where you can ce
The Stan Winston and Steven Warner Festival of the Moving Creature
 89:30p.m.
Emily Hunter, Distinguished Major Flute Recital
(Old Cabell Hall / Announced closer to the recital.)The UVA Music Department presents a Distinguished Major Flute Recital by Emily Hunter on Friday, April 26th at 8:00 PM in Old Cabell Hall. Those who can not attend this recital in person can view via ourlivestream link.She will perform an all-French composed program from a variety of time periods and styles. The recital program will feature Sonatine by Henri Dutilleux, Les Folies dEspagne by
	Sat 27 
 Apr 2730 
100 Days of Making
(Campbell Hall (School of Architecture))This exhibit showcases work by students in ProfessorSanda Iliescus100 Days of Making, Architecture 5500, a course that is borne of the belief that artists and designers learn most when they engage in the daily practice of their craft. Instead of following the traditional class model that is centered on a final project or event (exam, final paper, or final review), the work of this class
Painting & Public Art
(Campbell Hall (School of Architecture))This exhibit highlights paintings and mixed media projectssome collaborative and participatoryby students in the classPainting & Public Art, Architecture 5780, taught by ProfessorSanda Iliescu. In creating these works, students stressed the process rather than the artistic product and, like artist Sol Le Witt, defined painting as an activity on a flat plane. Their focus was on abstraction:
	Sun 28 
Charlottesville Symphony in Northern Virginia
UVA | Northern Virginia and UVA Arts present the Charlottesville Symphony featuring Music Director Benjamin Rous, The Free Bridge Quintet, and JoVia Armstrong. The event aims to bring UVAs excellence in the Arts to the Northern Virginia region and will take place on April 28, 2024, at 3:00 PM EST at Capital One Hall.
