SubscribeMy EventsWeek of Sunday, April 14, 2024Thursday, April 18, 2024Putting Equity-Minded Policy Into PracticeThursday, April 18 | 121pmDarlene Flynn, executive director of race and equity for the city of Oakland, CA, discusses the successful strategies she has adopted for developing and implementing policies in support of the creation of a more just and equitable city. In an interactive conversation, Flynn focuses on the common constraints and challenges that policymakers and practitioners face. What is the vision forward? Free parking is available for this event by request. Please emailjennett.murphy@virginia.edufor more information.	Lunch will be provided.Please register here >>This event is part of the Local Equity and Democracy (LEAD) Working Group Colloquium Series, Spring 2024. The LEAD Working Group is supported by the Karsh Institute of Democracy through the Ellen P. and Robert H. Pate Working Groups fund, supported by Mary Ellen P. and Scott C. Barton. This event is co-sponsored by the Frank Batten School of Leadership and Public Policy.Batten Assistant Professor Peter Johannessen serves on the LEAD Working Group.Campus Locations:Garrett HallRoom:Great Hall (100)Host Department/Unit/Group:FacultyAudience:Undergraduate, Graduate, Professional Students, Faculty & Staff, Alumni, PublicEvent Type:Lectures & SeminarsType of Event:One-timeWeek of Sunday, April 21, 2024Monday, April 22, 2024Batten Hour with Elizabeth Andrews: The State of Climate Policy in VirginiaMonday, April 22 | 12:301:30pmJoin us for a special Earth Day Batten Hour with Elizabeth Andrews, an accomplished environmental attorney who has worked with the state government, nonprofits and universities. She was appointed last fall by UVA's Environmental Institute as theinaugural Environmental Sustainability and Resilience Practitioner Fellow.Andrews will join Dean Ian Solomon for a conversation on climate change policy in Virginia, including what individuals can do to help address climate change impacts.Andrewshas served as water policy manager for the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality and as the senior assistant attorney general and section chief for the Environmental Section at the Office of the Virginia Attorney General. Most recently, Andrews was professor of practice and director of the Virginia Coastal Policy Center at William & Mary Law School.Campus Locations:Garrett HallRoom:Great Hall (100)Host Department/Unit/Group:Student ServicesAudience:Undergraduate, Graduate, Professional Students, Faculty & Staff, Alumni, PublicEvent Type:Special EventType of Event:One-timeAdditional Information:Read more about Andrews >Wednesday, April 24, 2024Immigration and Elections: Global Implications for 2024Wednesday, April 24 | 121:15pmREGISTER HERE >Recently, immigration has ranked number oneeven surpassing the economyas the topic that most concerns voters when they consider whom to support in the U.S. presidential election. Migration trends over the past few years, along with shifting U.S. policy, have contributed to this political crucible. Other countries, particularly in Europe, have confronted similar fraught moments in their own politics over the migration issue.A panel of experts, including David Leblang,Ambassador Henry Taylor Professor of Politics, professor of public policy and co-director of the Global Policy Center, will explore the ways in which the U.S. response to migration challengesboth in terms of voter sentiment and federal policymirrors or departs from the response of other countries in the recent past.This event is co-hosted by the Karsh Institute of Democracy and UVA Batten's Humanitarian Collaborative. Itis part of the Karsh Institutes Election 2024 series, which explores the importance of democratic elections in the United States and around the world.Campus Locations:Garrett HallRoom:Great Hall (100)Host Department/Unit/Group:Research CenterAudience:Undergraduate, Graduate, Professional Students, Faculty & Staff, Alumni, PublicEvent Type:Academic, Special EventType of Event:One-time
SubscribeMy Events
Week of Sunday, April 14, 2024
Thursday, April 18, 2024
Putting Equity-Minded Policy Into Practice
Thursday, April 18 | 121pm
Darlene Flynn, executive director of race and equity for the city of Oakland, CA, discusses the successful strategies she has adopted for developing and implementing policies in support of the creation of a more just and equitable city. In an interactive conversation, Flynn focuses on the common constraints and challenges that policymakers and practitioners face. What is the vision forward? Free parking is available for this event by request. Please emailjennett.murphy@virginia.edufor more information.	Lunch will be provided.Please register here >>This event is part of the Local Equity and Democracy (LEAD) Working Group Colloquium Series, Spring 2024. The LEAD Working Group is supported by the Karsh Institute of Democracy through the Ellen P. and Robert H. Pate Working Groups fund, supported by Mary Ellen P. and Scott C. Barton. This event is co-sponsored by the Frank Batten School of Leadership and Public Policy.Batten Assistant Professor Peter Johannessen serves on the LEAD Working Group.
Week of Sunday, April 21, 2024
Monday, April 22, 2024
Batten Hour with Elizabeth Andrews: The State of Climate Policy in Virginia
Monday, April 22 | 12:301:30pm
Join us for a special Earth Day Batten Hour with Elizabeth Andrews, an accomplished environmental attorney who has worked with the state government, nonprofits and universities. She was appointed last fall by UVA's Environmental Institute as theinaugural Environmental Sustainability and Resilience Practitioner Fellow.Andrews will join Dean Ian Solomon for a conversation on climate change policy in Virginia, including what individuals can do to help address climate change impacts.Andrewshas served as water policy manager for the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality and as the senior assistant attorney general and section chief for the Environmental Section at the Office of the Virginia Attorney General. Most recently, Andrews was professor of practice and director of the Virginia Coastal Policy Center at William & Mary Law School.
Wednesday, April 24, 2024
Immigration and Elections: Global Implications for 2024
Wednesday, April 24 | 121:15pm
REGISTER HERE >Recently, immigration has ranked number oneeven surpassing the economyas the topic that most concerns voters when they consider whom to support in the U.S. presidential election. Migration trends over the past few years, along with shifting U.S. policy, have contributed to this political crucible. Other countries, particularly in Europe, have confronted similar fraught moments in their own politics over the migration issue.A panel of experts, including David Leblang,Ambassador Henry Taylor Professor of Politics, professor of public policy and co-director of the Global Policy Center, will explore the ways in which the U.S. response to migration challengesboth in terms of voter sentiment and federal policymirrors or departs from the response of other countries in the recent past.This event is co-hosted by the Karsh Institute of Democracy and UVA Batten's Humanitarian Collaborative. Itis part of the Karsh Institutes Election 2024 series, which explores the importance of democratic elections in the United States and around the world.

Events calendar powered by Trumba
