Keywords
Search
Menu
 
UVA Career Center
Students
Employers
Faculty & Alumni
View infographic in text format
UVA Schools and ProgramsUVA Diversity Dashboard
   
Annual Recruiting Calendar and Career FairsSee our calendar of major events!UVA Recruiting Calendar   
Meet Our Employer Sponsors!Employer sponsors build and maintain a strong presence on Grounds and their support helps us continue to offer high quality programs and resources to University of Virginia students and our corporate partners.Meet our sponsors!   
Is your company on Handshake?The UVA Career Center offers free internship, externship, summer, and full-time job postings to our employers through Handshake.Let's get started! 
Prev
Next
UVA Recruiting Guidelines & Policies
NACE Principles for Professional PracticeUVA Recruiting Guidelines
Recruiting News
Important Fall 2024 Recruiting Dates
Body
Every year the UVA Career Center organizes and runs a variety of recruiting, networking and skill-building events to provide opportunities for students and employers to meet each other. We encourage employers and recruiters to register as early as possible to secure their space and welcome their ongoing commitment to our programming which is so integral to our operation. Check the calendar see UVA Career Center events for Fall 2024
Categories
Employer Relations
Important Spring 2024 Recruiting Dates
Please note that the UVA Career Center and school partners (Engineering, Commerce, Batten, and Economics) plan pan-university industry-specific events and career fairs. These dates are still being finalized, so when planning your events, please avoid requesting information session (or other event) dates that may conflict with these programs. The Career Center will evaluate all requests to ensure there are no conflicts. The dates referenced below are subject to change. 
Let Us Help You Engage UVA Students
Reach out to a member of our team today. We look forward to creating a tailored plan to:
build your brand recognition on Grounds.
help you connect with talented students from diverse personal & academic backgrounds.
Employer Accounts and Events ManagerAndrew
Cavanaugh[emailprotected]434-982-1882
Employer Accounts and Event ManagerNikki
Elkins[emailprotected](434) 924-8914
Director of Employer Relations and Experiential EducationDavid
Lapinski[emailprotected]434-924-4865
Associate Director, Employer Relations Paul
Paparella[emailprotected]434-924-0603
Upcoming Recruiting Events
@UVA: McKinsey Recruiter Office Hours for UVA StudentsApril 25, 2024 - 3:30 PM
Stop by Newcomb Hall 376 anytime on Thursday, April 25th from 3:30 - 4:30pm to get your McKinsey recruiting questions answered. Our Campus Recruiter, Yessica, will be there to speak with you.
@UVA: A Day in the Life of a McKinsey Business AnalystApril 25, 2024 - 6:00 PM
Still stumped as to what a McKinsey consultant actually does? Curious what a day in the life of a Business Analyst looks like? Need help thinking about office locations for your application?
Engagement Opportunities
Post full time jobs and internship opportunities for UVA students on Handshake
https://virginia.joinhandshake.com/employer_registrations/new
Internship Placement Program
Engage UVA students in internships with facilitated matching provided by the Internship Placement Program
/Employers/InternshipPlacementProgram
Attend a Multi-School Event
UVA participates in several multi-school consortia events each year for additional student recruitment opportunities.
/Employers/MultiSchoolEvents
Come to UVA to interview students in-person throughout the fall and spring
/Employers/OnGroundsInterviewing
Region 9 Internship Collab
The University of Virginia has partnered withVirginia Career Works - Piedmont Region to connect students with local businesses offering paid internships
/Employers/Region9InternshipCollab
Diversity Liaison
Sponsor a student liaison to help facilitate connections and communications with student organizations at UVA
Sponsorship Opportunities
Sponsorship opportunities can help establish and grow your brand with students. Click to see more
/Employers/Sponsorship
Recruiting & Career Fair Calendar
See upcoming recruiting opportunities at the University of Virginia
/Employers/AnnualCalendar
AboutHoos Career GuideLocation & HoursRequest a ProgramAffiliate OfficesDiversity & InclusionStaff Directory
Bryant Hall at Scott Stadium
1815 Stadium Road
Charlottesville, VA 22903
PHONE: 434-924-8900EMAIL: [emailprotected]

Footer Menu
Non-Discrimination Notice
Tuition Notice
Consumer Information
Accessibility
Emergency
FOIA
Privacy
2024 By the Rector and Visitors of the University of Virginia
Annual Recruiting Calendar and Career FairsSee our calendar of major events!UVA Recruiting Calendar
  
Annual Recruiting Calendar and Career FairsSee our calendar of major events!
UVA Recruiting Calendar
Meet Our Employer Sponsors!Employer sponsors build and maintain a strong presence on Grounds and their support helps us continue to offer high quality programs and resources to University of Virginia students and our corporate partners.Meet our sponsors!
Meet Our Employer Sponsors!Employer sponsors build and maintain a strong presence on Grounds and their support helps us continue to offer high quality programs and resources to University of Virginia students and our corporate partners.
Meet our sponsors!
Is your company on Handshake?The UVA Career Center offers free internship, externship, summer, and full-time job postings to our employers through Handshake.
Let's get started! 
Email or call David Lapinski, Director of Employer Relations, today to get started.
Employers who recruit at the University of Virginia must adhere to NACE recruiting guidelines and the policies and guidelines listed on the Campus Recruiting Guidelines and Policy page.
Employer Accounts and Events Manager
Andrew
Cavanaugh
[emailprotected]
434-982-1882
Employer Accounts and Event Manager
Nikki
Elkins
(434) 924-8914
Director of Employer Relations and Experiential Education
David
Lapinski
434-924-4865
Associate Director, Employer Relations 
Paul
Paparella
434-924-0603
@UVA: McKinsey Recruiter Office Hours for UVA Students
April 25, 2024 - 3:30 PM
@UVA: A Day in the Life of a McKinsey Business Analyst
April 25, 2024 - 6:00 PM
Post Jobs and Internships
On-Grounds Interviewing
/Employers/DiversityLiaisons
