Thursday, April 11White Ruffin Byron Center for Real Estate  Alumni Networking Reception in NYCThe White Ruffin Byron Center for Real Estate is hosting a UVA Alumni in Real Estate Networking Reception at the Savoy Club in the GM Building in New York City April 11. Learn More
Thursday, April 11
Friday, April 12University of Virginia Venture Capital ConferenceThe Richard A. Mayo Center for Asset Management at the UVA Darden School of Business invites you to attend the University of Virginia Venture Capital Conference (UVAVCC).  Learn More
Friday, April 12
Tuesday, April 16The SEC Enforcement and Quantitative AnalyticsStudents are invited to join for pizza and a virtual guest lecture on The SEC Enforcement and Quantitative Analytics on April 16, 2024, in Rouss & Robertson Halls. Learn More
Tuesday, April 16
Wednesday, April 17Lets Network: Real EstateJoin fellow alumni for one hour of coast-to-coast industry networking focused on real estate, organized by the UVA Alumni Association.Learn More
Wednesday, April 17
Friday, April 19Black Alumni Weekend: "OnBoard" Screening, Panel & ReceptionThe McIntire School of Commerce invites you to join us during Black Alumni Weekend for a screening of "OnBoard," produced by McIntire and UVA Law alum Shannon Nash.Learn More
Friday, April 19
Tuesday, April 23M.S. in Commerce Information SessionJoin us for this information session to learn about the UVA McIntire M.S. in Commerce (MSC) Program, with tracks in Biotechnology, Business Analytics, Finance, and Marketing & Management.Learn More
Tuesday, April 23
Thursday, April 25Alternative Investing in a Rapidly Changing Environment  McIntire Alumni PanelMcIntire students embarking on their finance careers are invited to join faculty members and alumni in senior alternative investing roles.Learn More
Thursday, April 25
Friday, April 26Connaughton Speaker Series: A Founders ConversationJoin us as we explore the unique journeys of four McIntire alumni who have built successful businesses from the ground up to make a positive impact.Learn More
Friday, April 26
Tuesday, May 07NYC Alumni & Friends ReceptionAdditional information and a link to register will be posted in April.Learn More
Tuesday, May 07
Thursday, May 09M.S. in Commerce Information SessionJoin us for this information session to learn about the UVA McIntire M.S. in Commerce (MSC) Program, with tracks in Biotechnology, Business Analytics, Finance, and Marketing & Management. Learn More
Thursday, May 09
Friday, May 10Knowledge ContinuumThe Knowledge  Continuum is the Center for the Management of IT's (CMIT) signature event, providing year-round opportunities for technology leaders and UVA alumni to gather and learn from experts, authors, and researchers, and for networking opportunities.Learn More
Friday, May 10
Tuesday, May 14M.S. in Accounting Information Session Join us for this information session to learn about the UVA McIntire M.S. in Accounting (MSA) Program, with tracks in Financial Reporting & Assurance and Tax Consulting.Learn More
Tuesday, May 14
