434-924-0603
Menu
Engage UVA students in internships with facilitated matching provided by the Internship Placement Program
/Employers/InternshipPlacementProgram
The University of Virginia has partnered withVirginia Career Works - Piedmont Region to connect students with local businesses offering paid internships
1815 Stadium Road
Important Spring 2024 Recruiting Dates
Join us for Bain & Company's UVA's Annual THRIVE Intensive Conference, a workshop series designed to support underrepresented students (including Black, Latinx, Native American, Asian, LGBTQ+, 
Employers
April 12, 2024 - 10:00 AM
434-924-4865
Sponsorship opportunities can help establish and grow your brand with students. Click to see more
Accessibility
April 22, 2024 - 6:00 PM
434-982-1882
Cavanaugh[emailprotected]434-982-1882
  
help you connect with talented students from diverse personal & academic backgrounds.
Paparella
April 25, 2024 - 6:00 PM
Search
   
April 16, 2024 - 4:00 PM
https://virginia.joinhandshake.com/employer_registrations/new
FOIA
Meet Our Employer Sponsors!Employer sponsors build and maintain a strong presence on Grounds and their support helps us continue to offer high quality programs and resources to University of Virginia students and our corporate partners.
Elkins[emailprotected](434) 924-8914
Charlottesville, VA 22903
Next
View infographic in text format
Upcoming Recruiting Events
Sponsorship Opportunities
@UVA: A Day in the Life of a McKinsey Business AnalystApril 25, 2024 - 6:00 PM
Important Fall 2024 Recruiting Dates
/Employers/MultiSchoolEvents
UVA Career Center
@UVA: Bain & Company UVA THRIVE Conference 
UVA Recruiting Calendar
Reach out to a member of our team today. We look forward to creating a tailored plan to:
SIS
Cavanaugh
Post Jobs and Internships
Bryant Hall at Scott Stadium
(434) 924-8914
Students
@UVA: SWE: Yoga in the Gardens
Privacy
@UVA: A Day in the Life of a McKinsey Business Analyst
UVA Schools and ProgramsUVA Diversity Dashboard
Internship Placement Program
Meet Our Employer Sponsors!Employer sponsors build and maintain a strong presence on Grounds and their support helps us continue to offer high quality programs and resources to University of Virginia students and our corporate partners.Meet our sponsors!   
Annual Recruiting Calendar and Career FairsSee our calendar of major events!
Associate Director, Employer Relations 
/Employers/Region9InternshipCollab
Stop by Newcomb Hall 376 anytime on Thursday, April 25th from 3:30 - 4:30pm to get your McKinsey recruiting questions answered. Our Campus Recruiter, Yessica, will be there to speak with you.
build your brand recognition on Grounds.
PHONE: 434-924-8900EMAIL: [emailprotected]
Employer Accounts and Event Manager
2024 By the Rector and Visitors of the University of Virginia
UVA Recruiting Guidelines & Policies
Annual Recruiting Calendar and Career FairsSee our calendar of major events!UVA Recruiting Calendar   
 
Associate Director, Employer Relations Paul
Tuition Notice
Meet our sponsors!
@UVA: NSBE: Personal Branding
Nikki
Lapinski
Let Us Help You Engage UVA Students
Every year the UVA Career Center organizes and runs a variety of recruiting, networking and skill-building events to provide opportunities for students and employers to meet each other. We encourage employers and recruiters to register as early as possible to secure their space and welcome their ongoing commitment to our programming which is so integral to our operation. Check the calendar see UVA Career Center events for Fall 2024
Diversity Liaison
Consumer Information
David
Employers who recruit at the University of Virginia must adhere to NACE recruiting guidelines and the policies and guidelines listed on the Campus Recruiting Guidelines and Policy page.

Paul
AboutHoos Career GuideLocation & HoursRequest a ProgramAffiliate OfficesDiversity & InclusionStaff Directory
Sponsor a student liaison to help facilitate connections and communications with student organizations at UVA
Director of Employer Relations and Experiential EducationDavid
Body
Annual Recruiting Calendar and Career FairsSee our calendar of major events!UVA Recruiting Calendar
April 25, 2024 - 3:30 PM
Recruiting & Career Fair Calendar
Let's get started! 
Recruiting News
/Employers/Sponsorship
[emailprotected]
Is your company on Handshake?The UVA Career Center offers free internship, externship, summer, and full-time job postings to our employers through Handshake.Let's get started! 
Come to UVA to interview students in-person throughout the fall and spring
UVA participates in several multi-school consortia events each year for additional student recruitment opportunities.
Employer Accounts and Event ManagerNikki
Join Capital One Associates and NSBE members for a personal branding workshop! Following the event, snacks and networking time will be available!
Region 9 Internship Collab
@UVA: SWE: Yoga in the GardensApril 16, 2024 - 4:00 PM
Categories
Attend a Multi-School Event
Non-Discrimination Notice
Post full time jobs and internship opportunities for UVA students on Handshake
Andrew
Is your company on Handshake?The UVA Career Center offers free internship, externship, summer, and full-time job postings to our employers through Handshake.
Footer Menu
/Employers/AnnualCalendar
Employer Accounts and Events Manager
Employer Accounts and Events ManagerAndrew
Paparella[emailprotected]434-924-0603
Meet Our Employer Sponsors!Employer sponsors build and maintain a strong presence on Grounds and their support helps us continue to offer high quality programs and resources to University of Virginia students and our corporate partners.Meet our sponsors!
Engagement Opportunities
Please note that the UVA Career Center and school partners (Engineering, Commerce, Batten, and Economics) plan pan-university industry-specific events and career fairs. These dates are still being finalized, so when planning your events, please avoid requesting information session (or other event) dates that may conflict with these programs. The Career Center will evaluate all requests to ensure there are no conflicts. The dates referenced below are subject to change. 
/Employers/OnGroundsInterviewing
Faculty & Alumni
Prev
Elkins
@UVA: McKinsey Recruiter Office Hours for UVA Students
@UVA: McKinsey Recruiter Office Hours for UVA StudentsApril 25, 2024 - 3:30 PM
/Employers/DiversityLiaisons
Director of Employer Relations and Experiential Education
Email or call David Lapinski, Director of Employer Relations, today to get started.
On-Grounds Interviewing
NACE Principles for Professional PracticeUVA Recruiting Guidelines
@UVA: Bain & Company UVA THRIVE Conference April 12, 2024 - 10:00 AM
Keywords
Still stumped as to what a McKinsey consultant actually does? Curious what a day in the life of a Business Analyst looks like? Need help thinking about office locations for your application?
See upcoming recruiting opportunities at the University of Virginia
Lapinski[emailprotected]434-924-4865
Join Capital One and SWE for an afternoon of yoga in the gardens! Enjoy a yoga class, refreshments, and time to connect with Capital One Associates and UVA alum!
@UVA: NSBE: Personal BrandingApril 22, 2024 - 6:00 PM
Employer Relations
Emergency
